now Solomon began to build the house of
the Lord at Jerusalem on Mount Moriah
where the Lord had appeared to his
father David at the place that David had
prepared on the threshing floor of Ornan
the Jebusite and he began to build on
the second day of the second month in
the fourth year of his reign this is the
foundation which Solomon laid for
building the house of God the length was
60 cubits by cubits according to the
former measure and the width 20 cubits
and the vestibule that was in front of
the sanctuary was 20 cubits long across
the width of the house and the height
was 120 he overlaid the inside with pure
gold the larger room he paneled with
Cypress which he overlaid with fine gold
and he carved palm trees and chain work
on it and he decorated the house with
precious stones for beauty and the gold
was gold from pavilion he also overlaid
the house the beams and door posts its
walls and doors with gold and he carved
cherubim on the walls and he made the
most holy place
it's length was according to the width
of the house 20 cubits and its width 20
cubits he overlaid it with six hundred
talents of fine gold the weight of the
nails was fifty shekels of gold and he
overlaid the upper area with go in the
most holy place he made two cherubim
fashioned by carving and overlaid them
with go
the wings of the cherubim but 20 cubits
in overall length one wing of the one
cherub was five cubits touching the wall
of the room and the other wing was five
cubits touching the wing of the other
cherub one wing of the other cherub was
five cubits touching the wall of the
room and the other wing also was five
cubits touching the wing of the other
cherub the wings of these cherubim
spanned 20 cubits overall they stood on
their feet and they faced inward and he
made the veil of blue purple crimson and
fine linen and wolf cherubim into it
also he made in front of the temple two
pillars thirty five cubits high and the
capital that was on top of each of them
was five cubits he made wreaths of chain
work as in the inner sanctuary and put
them on top of the pillars and he made
100 pomegranates and put them on the
reeds of the chain were then he set up
the pillars before the temple one on the
right hand and the other on the left he
called the name of the one on the right
hand jacob and the name of the one on
the left
Boaz
you